README.md, before:

# Vagrant Provisioning Shell Scripts

These are some scripts I use to provision various different vagrant
boxes used for development. I like to have a seperate vm for each
project I work but they tend to be pretty similar so having a simple
shell provisioner just makes it easier to spin them up.

These scripts are meant to be used as a starting point - copy them to
a project specific folder and adjust as needed.

There are two common files that are included by the other provisioning
scripts:

- provision_settings.sh - This is intended to hold settings used by
  the provision.sh script that should not be checked into version
  control. Things like usernames and passwords for version control.
- provision_personal.sh - Provisioning steps that are unique to an
  individual. The one in this repo has the steps necessary to fetch my
  configuration files from github and set a different default shell.

Here's how I use these files.

1. Copy Vagrantfile, provision_drupal.sh, provision_settings.sh and
   provision_personal.sh to a new directory.
1. Edit Vagrantfile changing the hostname and IP address of the VM.
1. Optionally edit provision_settings.sh if I need to sensitive
   settings to the provision script.
1. Set whatever version control sysetm I'm using to ignore
   provision_settings.sh.
1. Edit provision.sh and update variable, etc.
1. Run "vagrant up".

At this time the only provisioning script is the one I use for Drupal
projects.

Commit message:

Added node and ruby provision scripts.

README.md, after:

# Vagrant Provisioning Shell Scripts

These are some scripts I use to provision various different vagrant
boxes used for development. I like to have a seperate vm for each
project I work but they tend to be pretty similar so having a simple
shell provisioner just makes it easier to spin them up.

These scripts are meant to be used as a starting point - copy them to
a project specific folder and adjust as needed.

There are two common files that are included by the other provisioning
scripts:

- provision_settings.sh - This is intended to hold settings used by
  the provision.sh script that should not be checked into version
  control. Things like usernames and passwords for version control.
- provision_personal.sh - Provisioning steps that are unique to an
  individual. The one in this repo has the steps necessary to fetch my
  configuration files from github and set a different default shell.

Here's how I use these files.

1. Copy Vagrantfile, provision_drupal.sh, provision_settings.sh and
   provision_personal.sh to a new directory.
1. Edit Vagrantfile changing the hostname and IP address of the VM.
1. Optionally edit provision_settings.sh if I need to sensitive
   settings to the provision script.
1. Set whatever version control sysetm I'm using to ignore
   provision_settings.sh.
1. Edit provision.sh and update variable, etc.
1. Run "vagrant up".

There are three provision scripts so far for Drupal, Ruby and Node
development. All three are very much works in progress and the only
script I've used for "real work" is the Drupal version. The Ruby and
Node scripts are pretty basic and I've only used them for the odd
experiment or two.
